Baidu edits (#3465)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/push_notifications/android/integration/baidu_integration.md

## Step 1: Create a Baidu account

> To create a Baidu account, visit the [Baidu Portal][7] and click the blue **登录** (Log in) to bring up a dialog that will allow you to log in or create a new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Baidu account, visit the [Baidu Portal][7] and click **登录** (Log in) to bring up a dialog that will allow you to log in or create a new account.
```

![][33]

> To create a new account, at the bottom of the log in dialog, click **立即注册** (new account).

Author: ```suggestion
To create a new account, at the bottom of the login dialog, click **立即注册** (new account).
```

![][38]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

> Enter your user name, phone number, password, phone number into the account creation page. Next, click the receive verifcation code button. You will now receive an SMS message from Baidu containing a verification code. Lastly, accept the license agreement and click **注册** (create account) to register. If these set up steps fail, try to register via Baidu Cloud login as described in this [login article](https://www.adchina.io/how-to-open-a-baidu-account-outside-china/).

Author: ```suggestion
Enter your user name, phone number, password, and phone number into the account creation page. Next, click the receive verification code button. You will now receive an SMS message from Baidu containing a verification code. Lastly, accept the license agreement and click **注册** (create account) to register. If these setup steps fail, try to register via Baidu Cloud login as described in this [login article](https://www.adchina.io/how-to-open-a-baidu-account-outside-china/).
```

> Enter your user name, phone number, password, and phone number into the account creation page. Next, click the receive verification code button. You will now receive an SMS message from Baidu containing a verification code. Lastly, accept the license agreement and click **注册** (create account) to register. If these setup steps fail, try to register via Baidu Cloud login as described in this [login article](https://www.adchina.io/how-to-open-a-baidu-account-outside-china/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your username, phone number, and password into the account creation page. Next, click the receive verification code button. You will now receive an SMS message from Baidu containing a verification code. Lastly, accept the license agreement and click **注册** (create account) to register. If these setup steps fail, try to register via Baidu Cloud login as described in this [login article](https://www.adchina.io/how-to-open-a-baidu-account-outside-china/).
```
